	Name	Price(Rupees)	Description
0	Gold Green Classic Kundan Matha Patti	900	Add the 'bridal' to the bride's look with this delicate yet charming gold and green kundan mathapti. Features a classic round shaped kundan tikka with three green drop and delicate bead bunches all along the patti.  Style Tip: Add a nath to complete the look.
1	Gold Kundan Pearl Maang Tika	550	With its classic design, this gold kundan and pearl Maang Tika is a versatile addition to your jewellery collection. Features a kundan studded tikka with a white pearl drop and two string baby pearl chain.  Style Tip: Style your hair with a centre part to flaunt that delicate, pretty string.
2	Gold Kundan Floral Moon Maang Tika	450	Exuberant in its design, this gold toned kundan Maang Tika is a festive must-have. Feature a unique earring-styled, floral kundan centre piece with a simple kundan studded link chain.  Style Tip: Big, voluminous waves will complement this piece beautifully.
3	Gold Chandbali Kundan Two String Matha Patti	700	Complete your bridesmaid look with this gold chandbali kundan mathapti. Features a chandbali-styled kundan tikka with a pearl drop and a delicate two-string patti.  Style Tip: Pair the Matha Patti with statement chandbalis.
4	Gold Green Kundan Beaded Maang Tika	400	Up your cocktail look with this gold and green kundan beaded Maang Tika. Features a diamond shaped kundan studded tikka with a green drop bead and a multiple chain strings.  Style your hair with a centre part to flaunt that bling string.
5	Gold Green Floral Chandbali Maang Tika	1050	With its traditional chandbali design and ornate finish, this floral diamond mangtika is the perfect piece to elevate your occasion dressing! Features a floral motif and green drops.  Style Tip : Pair it with a statement diamond choker.
6	Gold Red Petal Kundan Passa	750	If you are a lover of the dated charm, this gold and red kundan passa should be a definite addition to your jewellery box. It features a multilayer kundan studded focal piece that is accentuated with pearls and a red drop bead.  Style Tip: Wear a small Maang Tika with this stated and elegant passa to complete the look.
7	Gold Kundan Drop Cascade Maang Tika	1100	Give your look a timeless appeal with this kundan drop cascade mangtika. Features a statement kundan encrusted centre with white pearl drops.  Style Tip : Pair this with bold red lips and a centre parted bun.
8	Gold Pearl Mandala Maang Tika	475	Pick this unique mandala inspired gold-plated maang tika to update your jewelry closet with a one-of-a-kind piece. It features clusters of white pearl drops.  Style Tip: Pair the maangtika with a sari for a look that oozes grace.
9	White Crest Kundan Beaded Maang Tika	1400	Add a glamorous dose of bling and shine to your festive look with this this kundan beaded mangtika. Features a crest motif with white pearl detailing.  Style Tip: Style this piece with kundan bangles.
10	Green Meena Kundan Chandbali Maang Tika	1400	This green meena kundan chandbali mangtika adds a soft and beautifully vintage look to a festive ensemble. Features a crescent shaped motif encrusted with kundan and accentuated with pastel green enamel work and delicate white beads.  Style Tip : Pair this mangtika with an elegant silk saree.
11	Gold Kundan Red Bead Chandbali Maang Tika	1050	No wedding look can ever be complete without a classic gold and red Maang Tika. Features a chandbali kundan studded centre piece with red drop beads and a kundan string.  Style Tip: Style your hair in a retro wavy hair bun to complement this traditional piece.
12	Gold Kundan Pearl Drop Chand Maang Tika	550	Season your festive look with the grandeur of this traditional gold-plated kundan maang tika. Crafted in a chandbali design, the piece is encrusted with kundan stones and is finished with a gold-plated metal bead chain.  Style Tip: Pair the maang tika with kundan bangles.  Disclaimer: Our jewelry is handcrafted using natural stones which inherently vary in size, color, and shape, due to which the product you receive may be slightly different from what is shown. There may be natural blemishes in the stones that are not product flaws, but in fact, are what make your piece unique.
13	Gold Kundan Delicate Drop Matha Patti	700	Contour your face with elegance with this gold kundan delicate drop Matha Patti. Features a kundan studded boota tikka with baby beads and single dainty kundan drop across the patti.  Style Tip: Put your hair in classic bun to give your look a beautiful old-world appeal.
14	Gold Kundan Green Bead Floral Maang Tika	975	This gold green kundan floral mangtika is a jewellery collection must-have. Features a cluster of petal motif kundan stones with green drop beads.  Style Tip: Pair it with kundan dangler earrings and a cocktail ring.
15	Gold White Kundan Maang Tika	1600	Elevate your festive ensemble with this traditional and timeless gold kundan mangtika. Features a floral motif with a chandbali style, pearl and kundan drop.  Style Tip: Complete the look with a kundan choker and kundan stud earrings for an all-out glam festive look.
16	Gold Kundan Floral Pearl Drop Maang Tika	900	Equal parts playful and sophisticated this kundan mangtika features a singular focal floral motif and elegant white pearl drop.  Style Tip : Pair the mangtika with statement shoulder-grazing kundan earrings
17	Gold Red Crescent Kundan Passa	1100	Add a charming vintage vibe to a wedding look with this gold and red crescent kundan passa. Features a number of kundan studded crescent motifs with red beads.  Style Tip: Wear a small Maang Tika with this stated and elegant passa to complete the look.
18	Gold Kundan Green Bead Maang Tika	800	This minimal kundan green bead mangtika defines sophistication. Featuring a petal shaped motif studded with kundan with green drop beads, this one is perfect for those who prefer keeping the jewellery light.  Style Tip: Pair it with a statement kundan studded cocktail ring.
19	Gold Maroon Kundan Seed Bead Chand Maang Tika	600	Pick this exquisitely-designed gold-plated kundan maang tika for when you want to make a statement with your jewelry. Ornately crafted, it features a kundan encrusted, chandbali-style piece with faux seed bead pearls and a maroon drop.  Style Tip: Skip the earrings to keep the look tasteful.  Disclaimer: Our jewelry is handcrafted using natural stones which inherently vary in size, color, and shape, due to which the product you receive may be slightly different from what is shown. There may be natural blemishes in the stones that are not product flaws, but in fact, are what make your piece unique.
20	Gold Kundan Lotus Maang Tika	1700	Gold and pearls make a winning combination in this kundan mangtika. Features a lotus motif chandbali style design.  Style Tip : Style this with big voluminous 90's inspired hair.
21	Gold Maroon Kundan Floral Beaded Maang Tikka	650	An exquisitely traditional design with hints of maroon, this gold-plated floral beaded maang tika is a must-have piece. It features a kundan encrusted floral motif with small faux white beads and red bead drops.  Style Tip: Complete the look with soft waves.  Disclaimer: Our jewelry is handcrafted using natural stones which inherently vary in size, color, and shape, due to which the product you receive may be slightly different from what is shown. There may be natural blemishes in the stones that are not product flaws, but in fact, are what make your piece unique.
22	Gold Kundan Pearl Two String Matha Patti	1100	Add the 'bridal' to the bride's look with this delicate yet charming gold kundan and pearl two string mathapti. Features a classic kundan tikka with statement and baby pearl drops and delicate bead bunches all along the patti.  Style Tip: Add a nath to complete the look.
23	White Green Beaded Quad Kundan Matha Patti	900	Add a dash of whimsy to your festive look with this delicate beaded and kundan Matha Patti. Features a kundan studded tikka with a green drop and a multiple pearl string patti.  Style Tip: Wear this mathapti for a mehendi function with a fusion outfit.
24	Gold Green Kundan Cluster Beaded Maang Tika	550	Season your festive look with an old-world charm with this gold-plated kundan beaded maang tika. It features kundan encrusted petal motifs with a crescent shaped center and clusters of beads with a green bead drop.  Style Tip: Pair the maang tika with a low bun and smokey eyes.  Disclaimer: Our jewelry is handcrafted using natural stones which inherently vary in size, color, and shape, due to which the product you receive may be slightly different from what is shown. There may be natural blemishes in the stones that are not product flaws, but in fact, are what make your piece unique.
25	White Red Garland Kundan Passa	750	If avant-garde defines your style sensibilities, this white and red garland kundan passa is a must-have this wedding season. It features multiple kundan studded floral bootas, strung together with eye-catching white bead strings.  Style Tip: Pair this passa with a pop colored outfit for a fun mehendi function.
26	Green Meena Kundan Maang Tika	900	Bright, eclectic and elegant this green meena kundan mangtika to the perfect pick to add a dash of color to your look. Features pastel green enamel work studded with kundan and pearl bead drops.  Style Tip : Style it with a neat juda and nude lips.
27	Gold Red Blooming Kundan Two String Matha Patti	550	Add the 'bridal' to the bride's look with this delicate yet charming gold and red kundan two string mathapti. Features a classic floral kundan tikka with a red drop and delicate bead bunches all along the patti.  Style Tip: Add a nath to complete the look.
28	Gold Kundan Red Bead Maang Tika	1050	No wedding look can ever be complete without a classic gold and red Maang Tika. Features a classic round Maang Tika kundan studded centre piece with red drop beads and a kundan string.  Style Tip: Style your hair in a retro wavy hair bun to complement this traditional piece.
